lately every time I put the
good camera to record I think that this is going to
be an important video not that this
video really is our [ __ ] and as
garbage as the ones I've been bringing you
lately no because I don't even turn it on it
comes out to have and clean the dust
because my level is already Vanessa has
put herself in the mood of recording with the webcam she
put the supermario music on it already
take it up the ass but what do you
want to expect what do you want that
you like things with crappy plots
better that yes don't go thinking that this
video is better than any other because of the
quality okay because nothing is further from
reality it's still garbage
broxton broxton blogs with blogs with
giveaways giveaways giveaway like like what what does it
say giveaway co well yes guys
and girls giveaway is coming kovalev
unifil has lent me a camera like this
so that you can giveaway okay whatever color
you choose you just have to follow me on
instagram okay I'll leave the link in the
description and in the last photo okay the
last photo they left  line
description you have to put a
comment simply of the color
you want it okay and with that in three parts
of the draw you will receive a little message if you
have turned out to be the winner as you
know I had a pretty screwed up month
with the channel not because of the issue of
extra reports and things like that not everyone knows
if you don't know there are explanations on the
secondary channel of my absence but
things rm have changed a lot it makes me
very sad because during this time I have
lost a lot of material that I had to
put out in this video but I still have
a curious little compilation here it doesn't turn
out that things have changed on the
internet before every time you upload a
video speaking badly you get the review the
videos were filled with dislikes
comments and enjoying you and one
thing changed actually it has always
helped me a lot because
because I know where these
comments come from they come from children of children
who have made communion let's
show you right now because I
make this video this video I make it so
that when the bread dough comes I
visit to insult or if I am youtube
that when you enter the video of
some of  your
favorite youtubers who are talking something
coherently, making a criticism with
reasons to this youtuber called the
review and see that it is full of team
life and see that the comments are so
heavy with insults, do not go to think it is
because Darla has great
support not because he has great support from
people who defend him not because they
are not people it is an army of
rat children and when I say a rat child it is that they do
not even reach rats that could be
jaster perfectly and it is that Dallas has
gone from having a video like that
the correct carbon
but achieved whatever he wants today if he
prepares team nothing I will give you I
want
just like you are wounded
to video like this he does not even
invent good excuses for or rather once
before before he came up with the
excuses like well this that you
take and say okay well my mind an
excuse that is the host that my
subscribers believe me for a moment that I
am uncomfortable in this shitty chair
in my mind about my writings they
believe me and then that's why everyone
believes me and I come off as the good one a bug
comes off as the  bad and the tc tc that was
working until now well that thing about at
least he worked hard before goes with the
excuse that
for you he visited us or expan
visited us the internet hasn't been filled with
videos of 'indignant' pan visitedos not of
pan visited with a broken heart no
as Alejandro Sanz would say and it's no wonder he
played with the
feelings of these kids
but well then good things I'm sorry to
tell you no no they weren't
good excuses it wasn't a worked out excuse let's
remember that Dallas the creator of how to
look sexist if I have a sister I have a
mother that's how I want you to pay close
attention to this video that I'm going to put on
with the boys of yours so that everyone
calls
me Elizabeth your old man is adorable things as they are he's adorable I feel sorry that it was a little belly but he's totally adorable everyone calls him 'el and they know or it's probably because your name is he and he knows but how old can this girl really be seriously which one is left well
on this line 8 this video talking about
on YouTube that he has a million
subscribers
a million I think
well it's a little  lost not from what we
see also I didn't think this video was
old because this video from now
this video is exactly from October 5th
the video I made
is very disappointing
[Music]
but I'm not happy you will stay I'm
sad because because look what the sun
is wrong is very wrong
like that Huixmí the south I support you looks at you
dadas I was a big fan of yours
in this video please
[Music]
tell the session your microphone from Alava
the ones who see this video is especially
for you dadas why did you do that with
your ex your ex
Irina Aurum Place like what is that
Aaron Aurum Plane throwing stones at you in the
house
today if that I
know him he's a good boy well
I know him a play with who the
[ __ ] questions colleagues it seems
totally correct to me that you went
to live in Andorra that this one is a little
isolated and try to find friends your
age
but all
[Music]
and at the same time she listens or she is very indignant
this girl okay and without love and as we see
she said in the message please
pass her between life to Dallas we are not
taking it  a little bit of a joke but damn
what is this girl doing watching
darla really do you guys think that the
things that dallas uploads are for this type
of for this type of detail
[Music]
no
the video that I'm going to show you now I
lost the original okay because as it is
having so many problems it has been two or
three weeks well I lost the original
but I have been able to recover something thanks to the fact that we
discussed it on you you are not going to
hear any background noise or me
commenting on something I'm really sorry okay
because I'm recovering it from you know
but the thing is that this video is totally
essential and I couldn't pass without
showing them here okay
bad
I was a visible
come on
and why did
n't I know the truth
not only do I have a friend it
was a reliable participle
but they have also said that's why he
has
even though they were rivals it's
getting quite serious
but a child
and I can't believe that he doesn't have and comment
another person if he can't
this video has made a decision
like what did he do now kill but he
to the country lately
and about the age daughter
although
what he did
and literally
d
has the red areas of the discomfort and
all this kid
and also  put the title dallas stupid
and curve
a different type
because they take you to jail
totally
and something else you want
[Music]
mine
sincerely antoniale if the crop I'm
going to send him videos and he takes it and gives it
for a comment and I'm going to put
sorry for that dislike that I saw you
when I knew what was going on I
don't want this to be taken as a
mockery to the kids who are appearing
in the video much less you know that
I'm an [ __ ] but that I would never laugh
at such small children what I do
laugh at the situation today that this guy
dallas is going like very surpassed by the
air very high not like a lot of people
support him support him not like he is
right about everything and here then I
want to demonstrate once again not something that
many of you already know is what kind of people
continue and continued to give it no because you
're seeing that many are already
opening their eyes okay I'll do it I'm
very sorry for that dislike 'pending
kid sorry ale I have no grudge
and nothing kids we'll see each other in the
next video remember forte hito in
the description  and we don't see each other
almost every night